Fix: typo (#23994)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> If a form control doesn't have the `required` attribute, no value, or an empty string, is not invalid. Even if the above attributes are present, with the exception of `required`, an empty string will not lead to an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a form control doesn't have the `required` attribute, no value or an empty string are valid inputs. Even if the above attributes are present, with the exception of `required`, an empty string will not lead to an error.
```
